[Music]
did you know that the average attention
span of a person is about eight seconds
according to Microsoft
well my puzzles here may just take you a
little longer than that and they'll
require your full and undivided
commitment get your brain ready for some
action and see your results at the end
of the video shall we begin
alrighty then number one which word is
odd on this list you have ten seconds to
give your answer
BST n PRS mdrd PRTG L M s CW
[Music]
time's up the odd word is this one
all of them are names of cities Boston
Paris Madrid and Moscow while Portugal
is a country number 2 if there are 26
ELLs in the a7 W's in the W and 9p s in
the SS then how many H's are there in
the D remember you can always put the
video on pause and take your time to
think a bit longer
[Music]
well if you didn't manage this one don't
worry I failed it though there are 24
H's in the D because there are 26
letters in the alphabet seven wonders in
the world and nine planets in the solar
system so there are 24 hours in the day
number three illustration liechtenstein
luminosity deluxe enlightenment the
words you see are very different in
meaning but they have one thing in
common what is it you're ten seconds
start now
[Music]
feeling it a loss now wonder this is a
tough one in fact the thing that
connects all these words is light in
their core you can see it straight in
enlightenment well the rest of the words
have it inside them in different
languages for okay something easier for
you to take a little break which circle
is the smallest of the five can you find
it in ten seconds
[Music]
the smallest is number four to check it
just take your index finger and thumb
make a ring of them and compare all the
circles number five
Alfred is the brother of bed and Charles
is Alfred son if dennis is Emma's
brother and Emma is Ben's daughter
then who is Dennis's uncle ten seconds
as always I bet you pause the video just
to get through this complex family tree
did you confess down in the comments
anyway the answer is Alfred he's the
uncle of Dennis number six so what is so
special about receiving your change from
a $100 bill if you buy groceries for
thirteen dollars and 59 cents 10 seconds
to count
the change you would receive from $100
will be exactly one of each commonly
used denomination a bill of $50 $20 $10
$5 and $1 then a quarter a dime a nickel
and a cent number seven zero zero zero
- four 13:54 - 0 2849 - three 1063 - two
31:51 - zero 4906 - three 777 7-0 997 3
- 2 1985 mmm what number corresponds to
1985 countdown started
the answer is three each number in the
sequence is represented by the number of
holes and its digits that is there are
four holes in four zeros 13:54 has no
holes 2849 has three one in the nine and
two in the eight and so on and 1985 also
has three holes number eight a man needs
to cross a river with two bags one light
and the other heavy there is no bridge
however and the stream is very powerful
the man is a pretty good swimmer so he's
sure he can make it but with only one
bag on him at a time he decides to carry
the heavier bag first slowly but surely
he makes it to the other bank and swims
back only to find that the second bag is
gone where is the lighter bag you've got
ten seconds to guess
[Music]
you might have thought it was stolen but
it was not in fact it was still waiting
for the man in the same place he'd left
it it's just that the man had been
carried down the stream with a flow and
didn't notice it 9 ok time for another
diversion I guess can you find a kitty
that doesn't belong in this picture in
10 seconds of course
well did you find it here it is number
10 this one is also a picture test but
it's much more difficult than you think
can you tell in 10 seconds in which seat
the driver sits in this car
[Music]
he sits on the right look at how the
mirrors are positioned the right one has
a wider angle for the driver to see
behind the car better 11 what occurs
twice in every moment but only once in a
million years yet not ever in a billion
hey if you're confused feel free to hit
the pause
it's the letter M yeah I know a bit
frustrating number 12 which is correct
fish have no teeth or fish has no teeth
[Music]
in fact neither is true because fish
have teeth number thirteen do you pour a
glass of water and drop an ice cube into
it when the cube melts will the water
level in the glass rise fall or remain
the same
ten seconds to decide
the water level will stay the same
the mass of the ice cube is equal to its
mass when melted so the amount of water
it displaces while still frozen is equal
to the amount of water it will add to
the glass when it melts number 14
Bill and Joe are twins born just one
minute apart with Bill being the older
of the two but for some reason once
every several years they celebrate their
birthdays two days apart how is this
possible
[Music]
bill was born almost at 11:59 p.m. on
the 28th of February and it wasn't a
leap year so Joe who came a minute later
was born on the 1st of March already
that's why during leap years they have
two days of difference 15 now this
puzzle can be easily solved by a small
kit will you be able to solve it in 10
seconds give it a try
which direction is this bus moving it
[Music]
it's moving towards the left you don't
see the doors so they're on the other
side of the bus 16 your final challenge
has arrived just a few more moments and
you'll solve it off ready 9 plus 1
equals 8 10 8 plus 7 equals 115 5 plus 2
equals 37 2 plus 1 equals 13 3 plus 1
equals 24 6 plus 4 equals to 10 what
plus what equals 123 what will the last
equation look like if the rest are true
[Music]
the answer is 12 plus 11 the plus sign
between the first two numbers means both
addition and subtraction you first
subtract the numbers from each other
then add them and combine the results to
get the answer now let's see your
results did you make it till the end if
you solve 0 to 5 puzzles then you should
pay more attention to your surroundings
there's so much to see around you won't
believe it you can start by trying to
solve more puzzles like these they'll
train your attention and make you more
observant overall if you manage 6 to 10
correct answers you've done fine but
there are still things to be noticed for
you you're good at logic and see things
well enough but it won't hurt to try and
be more attentive if you solved 11 to 16
puzzles you are a master observer you
see the world as it is and nothing can
hide from your Eagle Eye keep it up and
take notice of the signs that are all
around you and finally no matter how
many puzzles you solve if you manage
numbers 4 9 10 and 15 with ease
then you're exceptionally good at visual
interpretation you notice every little
detail and are incredibly observant now
leaning closer to the screen a little
closer collect now here's my virtual pad
on the back for all your efforts today
great job
hey if you learned something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]